Update install instructions with package managers (#419)
typst/typst: README.md

</details>

## Install and use
Typst is available through several package managers:

```sh
# macOS or Linux using Homebrew
brew install typst

# Arch Linux
pacman -S typst

# Nix

> # Use the `typst` package, or get the latest version with the `github:typst/typst` flake

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Use the `typst` package with `nix-shell -p typst` or build and run the bleeding edge version using `github:typst/typst` flake: `nix run github:typst/typst -- --version`
```

> # Use the `typst` package with `nix-shell -p typst` or build and run the bleeding edge version using `github:typst/typst` flake: `nix run github:typst/typst -- --version`

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Use the `typst` package with `nix-shell -p typst` or build and run the bleeding edge version using `github:typst/typst` flake: `nix run github:typst/typst -- --version`
```
